Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Escucha esta producción varias veces
hasta que la entiendas bien.
Recuerda que la meta es que puedas
comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
Come with us to the beach.
Christopher wants to go, but his little
brother says, Mom said no.
I will come back soon, says Christopher.
At the beach, Christopher swims.
His legs hurt.
He cannot swim.
Help, he says.
His friends do not help.
They go home.
At home, Edith is sad.
Where is Christopher?
He went to the beach, says his little brother.
Edith looks for Christopher.
She cannot find him.
Three days later, people find Christopher.
He is tired, but okay.
They bring him home.
Edith hugs Christopher.
Don't go outside without telling me, she says.
I promise, Mom, says Christopher.
Now Christopher is good.
He stays with his family.